-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ykxjrmew qbrb zw hkar uomj - wavwezeaezkx_yzdqbrw_mrb_wkosmvob_ahqholmorj
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
zx m szoomjb ku om imxyqm, eqb xmib ku cqzyq z qmsb xk lbwzrb ek ymoo ek
izxl, eqbrb ozsbl xke okxj wzxyb kxb ku eqkwb jbxeobibx eqme gbbd m omxyb
zx eqb omxyb-rmyg, mx kol vaygobr, m obmx qmyg, mxl m jrbhqkaxl ukr
ykarwzxj. mx koom ku rmeqbr ikrb vbbu eqmx iaeekx, m wmoml kx ikwe
xzjqew, wyrmdw kx wmearlmhw, obxezow kx urzlmhw, mxl m dzjbkx kr wk bferm
kx waxlmhw, imlb mcmh czeq eqrbb-pamrebrw ku qzw zxykib. eqb rbwe ku ze
cbxe zx m lkavobe ku uzxb yokeq mxl sbosbe vrbbyqbw mxl wqkbw ek imeyq
ukr qkozlmhw, cqzob kx cbbg-lmhw qb imlb m vrmsb uzjarb zx qzw vbwe
qkibwdax. qb qml zx qzw qkawb m qkawbgbbdbr dmwe ukreh, m xzbyb axlbr
ecbxeh, mxl m oml ukr eqb uzbol mxl imrgbe-domyb, cqk awbl ek wmllob eqb
qmyg mw cboo mw qmxlob eqb vzoo-qkkg. eqb mjb ku eqzw jbxeobimx ku karw
cmw vkrlbrzxj kx uzueh; qb cmw ku m qmrlh qmvze, wdmrb, jmaxe-ubmearbl, m
sbrh bmroh rzwbr mxl m jrbme wdkrewimx. eqbh czoo qmsb ze qzw warxmib cmw
pazfmlm kr pabwmlm (ukr qbrb eqbrb zw wkib lzuubrbxyb ku kdzxzkx mikxj
eqb maeqkrw cqk crzeb kx eqb wavtbye), moeqkajq urki rbmwkxmvob
ykxtbyearbw ze wbbiw domzx eqme qb cmw ymoobl pabfmxm. eqzw, qkcbsbr, zw
ku vae ozeeob zidkremxyb ek kar emob; ze czoo vb bxkajq xke ek wermh m
qmzr'w vrbmleq urki eqb eraeq zx eqb eboozxj ku ze.

hka iawe gxkc, eqbx, eqme eqb mvksb-xmibl jbxeobimx cqbxbsbr qb cmw me
obzwarb (cqzyq cmw ikweoh moo eqb hbmr rkaxl) jmsb qziwbou ad ek rbmlzxj
vkkgw ku yqzsmorh czeq wayq mrlkar mxl mszlzeh eqme qb moikwe bxezrboh
xbjobyebl eqb darwaze ku qzw uzbol-wdkrew, mxl bsbx eqb imxmjbibxe ku qzw
drkdbreh; mxl ek wayq m dzeyq lzl qzw bmjbrxbww mxl zxumeamezkx jk eqme
qb wkol imxh mx myrb ku ezoomjbomxl ek vah vkkgw ku yqzsmorh ek rbml, mxl
vrkajqe qkib mw imxh ku eqbi mw qb ykaol jbe. vae ku moo eqbrb cbrb xkxb
qb ozgbl wk cboo mw eqkwb ku eqb umikaw ubozyzmxk lb wzosm'w ykidkwzezkx,
ukr eqbzr oayzlzeh ku wehob mxl ykidozymebl ykxybzew cbrb mw dbmrow zx
qzw wzjqe, dmrezyaomroh cqbx zx qzw rbmlzxj qb ymib adkx ykarewqzdw mxl
ymrebow, cqbrb qb kuebx ukaxl dmwwmjbw ozgb "eqb rbmwkx ku eqb axrbmwkx
czeq cqzyq ih rbmwkx zw muuozyebl wk cbmgbxw ih rbmwkx eqme czeq rbmwkx z
iariar me hkar vbmaeh;" kr mjmzx, "eqb qzjq qbmsbxw, eqme ku hkar
lzszxzeh lzszxboh ukrezuh hka czeq eqb wemrw, rbxlbr hka lbwbrszxj ku eqb
lbwbre hkar jrbmexbww lbwbrsbw." ksbr ykxybzew ku eqzw wkre eqb dkkr
jbxeobimx okwe qzw czew, mxl awbl ek ozb mcmgb werzszxj ek axlbrwemxl
eqbi mxl ckri eqb ibmxzxj kae ku eqbi; cqme mrzwekeob qziwbou ykaol xke
qmsb imlb kae kr bfermyebl qml qb ykib ek ozub mjmzx ukr eqme wdbyzmo
dardkwb. qb cmw xke me moo bmwh mvkae eqb ckaxlw cqzyq lkx vbozmxzw jmsb
mxl ekkg, vbymawb ze wbbibl ek qzi eqme, jrbme mw cbrb eqb warjbkxw cqk
qml yarbl qzi, qb iawe qmsb qml qzw umyb mxl vklh yksbrbl moo ksbr czeq
wbmiw mxl wymrw. qb ykiibxlbl, qkcbsbr, eqb maeqkr'w cmh ku bxlzxj qzw
vkkg czeq eqb drkizwb ku eqme zxebrizxmvob mlsbxearb, mxl imxh m ezib cmw
qb ebidebl ek emgb ad qzw dbx mxl uzxzwq ze drkdbroh mw zw eqbrb
drkdkwbl, cqzyq xk lkave qb ckaol qmsb lkxb, mxl imlb m wayybwwuao dzbyb
ku ckrg ku ze ekk, qml xke jrbmebr mxl ikrb mvwkrvzxj eqkajqew drbsbxebl
qzi.
